[16.0][ADD] stock_move_actual_date (#1711)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_move_actual_date/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

* Go to Settings > Users & Companies > Groups.

> * Open Editable Actual Date and add the users who are allowed to edit the actual date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open 'Modify Actual Date' and add the users who are allowed to edit the actual date
```
